wip: Modernize tutorial final code (#1316)
square/workflow-kotlin: samples/tutorial/Tutorial1.md

```

This line is declaring: to display a `WelcomeScreen` the workflow UI runtime should use the `viewFactory` provided here to inflate a `WelcomeViewBinding`
and update it as needed using a runner created by `welcomeScreenRunner()`.

Let's replace the `TODO("Update viewBinding from rendering")` bit from the template with some real code:

```kotlin
private fun welcomeScreenRunner(
  viewBinding: WelcomeViewBinding
) = ScreenViewRunner { screen: WelcomeScreen, _ ->
  viewBinding.prompt.text = screen.promptText
  viewBinding.login.setOnClickListener {
    screen.onLogInTapped(viewBinding.username.text.toString())
  }
}
```

To be clear:

- `welcomeScreenRunner` is called once, when `WelcomeViewBinding` is inflated
- the `ScreenViewRunner` that is created lives as long as the view does
- that runner's update lambda (`(WelcomeScreen, ViewEnvironment) -> Unit`) is invoked
  immediately, and again every time the UI needs to be refreshed

> [!TIP]
> There is no requirement that you use an XML layout.
> Besides `ScreenViewFactory.fromViewBinding` we also provide `ScreenViewFactory.fromCode`
> (to simplify building a `View` completely by hand) and a few other varieties.
>

> > Or feel free to give `ComposeScreen` a try instead of `AndroidScreen`.

Author: Been wrestling with that but first want to focus on just bringing what exists up to date, which is a much smaller lift.

> There is a file template for that too.
> Add `implementation deps.workflow.compose` to your `build.gradle` `dependencies` and see how it goes.

We're not quite ready to run anything yet, as we still need to fill in the basics of our workflow.

### Workflows and Rendering Type

> The core responsibility of a workflow is to provide a complete rendering / view model

Author: Yeah, I can stress that more and use the term less in other spots. But I would like to reclaim the term a bit here. It really is exactly what they are.

> The core responsibility of a workflow is to provide a complete rendering / view model

Reviewer: 👍 great!

}
```

We'll update `TutorialActivity.onCreate()` to kick off a Workflow runtime by calling `renderWorkflowIn`.
Actually, we will delegate that call to an AndroidX `ViewModel` and its CoroutineScope.
This ensures that our runtime will survive as new `Activity` instances are created for configuration changes.
And this is **the only spot in a workflow app that the Android / AndroidX lifecycle concerns intrude on developers**.

> Let's also opt in to some "experimental" `runtimeConfig` options -- all of them, in fact.

Author: I'll make it a `!NOTE` block below the code snippet -- had it that way originally actually. Don't want to break up the code though.

2) That event handler lambda calls `context.actionSink.send(updateName(it))`,
   which sends an action to be handled by the workflow runtime.

3) The `apply` method on the action is called. The `Updater` receiver has a `state` property.
   The `state` property is a `var`, so when it is updated in `apply`, it updates the actual state.
   This is effectively the same as this method being written `fun apply(fromState: State): Pair<State, Output?>` where it transforms the previous state into a new state.

4) As an action was just handled and the state was changed,
   our old rendering is invalid and a new one must be created — that is, a render pass is triggered.

5) `render()` is called on the workflow. A new `WelcomeScreen` is returned with the updated `promptText` from the internal state.

6) The anonymous `ScreenViewRunner` lambda in `WelcomeScreen.kt` is called
   with the new `WelcomeScreen` instance.
   It updates the text field with the new `promptText` value, and also updates the click listener on `viewBinding.logIn`.

7) The workflow waits for the next `WorkflowAction` to be received,
   and then the goes through the same update loop.

> > [!TIP]

Reviewer: Maybe `note`? Not really a tip

Author: Yup! Thanks, botched copy / paste.

```kotlin
  override fun render(
    renderProps: Unit,
    renderState: State,
    context: RenderContext
  ): WelcomeScreen {
    return WelcomeScreen(
      promptText = renderState.prompt,
      onLogInTapped = context.eventHandler("onLogInTapped") { name ->
        state = when {
          name.isEmpty() -> state.copy(prompt = "name required to log in")
          else -> state.copy(prompt = "logging in as \"$name\"…")
        }
      }
    )
  }

  // private fun updateName() is now unused, delete it.
```

Under the hood of that `eventHandler` all the same moving parts are still in play,
but workflow wrote the `action` and `context.actionSink.send()` calls for you.
And as you'll see in a later tutorial lesson, we have not sacrificed any testability by using this convenience.

`eventHandler` has another benefit: stability.

You will recall from the Update Loop description above that `render()` is called repeatedly,
at least once for every event.
That means that an anonymous event handler like `onClick = { context.actionSink.send(someAction) }` is created anew each time, with each new handler unequal to the previous one.

> This plays hell with Compose's optimizations, and isn't very nice for unit testing either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This doesn't play well with Compose's [optimizations](https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/compose/performance/stability), and isn't very nice for unit testing either. 
```
